---
layout: post
title: A Survey on Agentic RAG
subtitle: Agentic Retrieval-Augmented Generation
category: AgentRAG
tags: [LLM, RAG]
permalink: /2025/04/30/AgenticRAG/
css : /css/ForYouTubeByHyun.css
bigimg: 
  - "/img/Image/BigImages/carmel.jpg" : "Carmel-by-the-Sea, CA (2016)"
  - "/img/Image/BigImages/monterey.jpg" : "Monterey, CA (2016)"
  - "/img/Image/BigImages/stanford_dish.jpg" : "Stanford Dish, CA (2016)"
  - "/img/Image/BigImages/marian_beach_in_sanfran.jpg" : "MRINA of San Francisco, CA (2016)"
  - "/img/Image/BigImages/carmel2.jpg" : "Carmel-by-the-Sea, CA (2016)"
  - "/img/Image/BigImages/marina.jpg" : "MRINA of San Francisco, CA (2016)"
  - "/img/Image/BigImages/sanfrancisco.jpg" : "San Francisco, CA (2016)"
  
---

This post is a brief summary about the paper that I read for my study and curiosity, so I shortly arrange the content of the paper, titled [Agentic Retrieval-Augmented Generation: A Survey on Agentic RAG (Singh et al. arXiv 2025)](https://arxiv.org/abs/2501.09136), that I read and studied. 

{% include MathJax.html %}

For detailed experiment and explanation, refer to the paper, titled [Agentic Retrieval-Augmented Generation: A Survey on Agentic RAG (Singh et al. arXiv 2025)](https://arxiv.org/abs/2501.09136)

<div class="alert alert-info" role="alert"><i class="fa fa-info-circle"></i> <b>Note(Abstract): </b>
Large Language Models (LLMs) have revolutionized artificial intelligence (AI) by enabling human like text generation and natural language understanding. However, their reliance on static training data limits their ability to respond to dynamic, real time queries, resulting in outdated or inaccurate outputs. Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG) has emerged as a solution, enhancing LLMs by integrating real time data retrieval to provide contextually relevant and up-to-date responses. Despite its promise, traditional RAG systems are constrained by static workflows and lack the adaptability required for multistep reasoning and complex task management. Agentic Retrieval-Augmented Generation (Agentic RAG) transcends these limitations by embedding autonomous AI agents into the RAG pipeline. These agents leverage agentic design patterns reflection, planning, tool use, and multiagent collaboration to dynamically manage retrieval strategies, iteratively refine contextual understanding, and adapt workflows to meet complex task requirements. This integration enables Agentic RAG systems to deliver unparalleled flexibility, scalability, and context awareness across diverse applications. This survey provides a comprehensive exploration of Agentic RAG, beginning with its foundational principles and the evolution of RAG paradigms. It presents a detailed taxonomy of Agentic RAG architectures, highlights key applications in industries such as healthcare, finance, and education, and examines practical implementation strategies. Additionally, it addresses challenges in scaling these systems, ensuring ethical decision making, and optimizing performance for real-world applications, while providing detailed insights into frameworks and tools for implementing Agentic RAG.
</div>

<div class="alert alert-success" role="alert"><i class="fa fa-paperclip fa-lg"></i> <b>Download URL: </b><br>
  <a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2501.09136">The paper: Agentic Retrieval-Augmented Generation: A Survey on Agentic RAG (Singh et al. arXiv 2025)</a></div>

# Reference 

- Paper 
  - [arXiv Version: Agentic Retrieval-Augmented Generation: A Survey on Agentic RAG (Singh et al. arXiv 2025)](https://arxiv.org/abs/2501.09136)
 
- For your information
  - [A Visual Guide to LLM Agents](https://newsletter.maartengrootendorst.com/p/a-visual-guide-to-llm-agents)
  
- How to use html for alert
  - [how to use icon](http://idratherbewriting.com/documentation-theme-jekyll/mydoc_icons.html)
 
- How to use MathJax 
  - [MathJax basic tutorial and quick reference in StackExchange](https://math.meta.stackexchange.com/questions/5020/mathjax-basic-tutorial-and-quick-reference)

